[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: I get people all the time
saying, but I write promises and man I
hate doing stuff like this, I hate doing
you know, I hate having to write out.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't
want to have to write that.
That's way too long.
I want to just write p.then.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's so
much nicer right?
In the case where,
we make a simple return value.
You probably think to yourself.
No big deal right?
It's much shorter just
though in an arrow function.
What do you think happens if v
comes through is null or undefined?
Here's a hint, JavaScript exception is
their own because you don't try to do
a property access against the null or
an undefined value.
Okay, so this arrow function
is going to show up as an anonymous
function right there in your stack trace.
So even in these cases these real
simple cases these little one
liner things where you think
it's a clear win in readability.
The cost comes on the back end
whenever something breaks and
now you have a worse
stack trace to deal with.
A stack trace that doesn't give you any
help to understand what's going on.
You have to click through
the code to go figure it out.
I think you ought to use name functions.
And I think you ought to give this
some kind of name like extract ID.
The reason I think you ought to do that
is the extract ID name is going to be
used in the stack trace, that will
make your code more debuggable, but
it also makes this code more sensible.
I don't have to read the code on line
three to figure out what it's returning.
Because the name right there at
the top tells me what it's doing.
It tells me that it's extracting the ID.
>> Kyle Simpson: So the next time somebody
makes an unambiguous absolute statement
that arrow functions are more readable
than name function expressions.
Just ask yourself how true really is that.
This goes for promise.thens,
this goes for .mapcalls.
I use named function expressions
not arrow functions form
because I prefer to have
the syntax consistency.
I prefer to have self
reference if I need it.
I prefer to have self explaining
code with name expressions.
That's just me.
I'm crazy that I like to make my
code a little bit more readable.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay a few other
people maybe.
>> Speaker 2: I always start
with the code on the bottom and
then eventually like I need to
put some logic in there and so
I wrap it with parentheses and I'm like
yeah well I want to return an object.
So you know I am renting.
I'm just throwing in difference
syntax rules as I go develops.
>> Kyle Simpson: My little joke
that I tell people about arrow
functions if you write an arrow
function and it doesn't parse.
Just start wrapping parentheses in curly
braces around stuff and still it does.
That's all you know how to do it.
I want to pull up.
You see here in the shot you see
I've got a book series called you
don't know JS people who know a lot about
those books that I've written the ES6 and
beyond was the last book in the series.
In chapter two of this book
I cover arrow functions.
And I talk about a lot of these things.
Half as a joke and half seriously I've
included a flow chart on how to decide
whether or not and in what way you're
going to want to use arrow functions.
So let me and why this isn't zoom in
question something about the video
me a little bit hard to read if
you're looking on the projector but
you can go find this in the chapter starts
off with are you really sure you want to
narrow function but
then it just keeps going it's like
you have exactly one is it a simple
parameter without anything.
Are you returning a value do you not need
to return a value as an object value.
By the end you get down to this and
you have made your decision.
Congratulations go forth
an arrow function.
But take a step back holistically and
ask yourself Is this the decision
chart you really wanna run through,
every time you have to write a function,
or how to just write the function keyword?
Cuz I bet you can run that faster
type that faster than you can run
through all of these steps.
And I bet the readers of your code are
going to be able to read it more quickly.
So does that mean I'm saying the arrow
function is entirely bad and
should be just thrown out of the language?
That's not at all what I mean.
There is one specific example where
the arrow function actually shines.
It's specifically I think the reason why
It's the thing that gave it enough
weight to make it into the language.
I wasn't on the committee so I'm not
speaking officially there but I'm just
saying personally, this is the reason why
I think it deserved to be included in
the language even if it's not my general,
arrow is the new function replacement.
And it's for cases like this,
let's say that I have
>> Kyle Simpson: A function
foo that at some points set time out and
it does another function
here
>> Kyle Simpson: And
let's say that this is
the property of some object.
>> Kyle Simpson: And what I want to do is
have some property on here like ID 42 and
then I want to be able to
say after 100 milliseconds,
I want you to print out this.id.
Okay.
Okay so
I wanna be able to say
something like the obj.foo and
after a 100 milliseconds I want it to
be able to print out the value 42.
If you've ever dealt with this keyword
before, you know exactly what's going to
happen here, the function that's invoked
by the set timeout is going to be invoked.
Using the default binding
rule check out my this and
object prototypes book if you want to know
more about this keyword but it's invoked
with the default binding rule as a matter
of fact actually by spec the set timeout
invokes it explicitly in the window
context but the same result is that this
keyword is not pointing at OBJ this
keywords pointing at our global object.
Not what we want.
So we're going to end up getting
undefined instead of 42.
That sucks.
So the way people mostly solve
this is to say something like
var self equals this and
then they use self here.
First off that's a terrible fun variable
name cuz now this keyword does not
ever in any circumstances that you ever
run into refer to the function itself.
Just doesn't.
That's a bad variable name.
Because we couldn't come
up with anything else.
We were uncreative like we are.
You should have been calling it context,
cuz that's what it really is.
It's a dynamic context.
It's an object context.
So if you called it context at least
it would be able to complain about
the variable name.
But the other problem here is you've gone
to the trouble to have all this this based
coding and now you've fallen back to
non the space coding lexical variables.
The real solution to this
problem although solution that
embraces the language the way it is
is to use, the dot bind utility.
Nobody likes to write dot
bind this all over the place.
I fully understand why that sucks.
As matter of fact somebody had proposed
the double colon operator to try to get
away from having to type dot bind.
But this is that place.
If you've been writing var self equals
this in some part of your code, or
dot bind this in some part of your code,
this is that place where the arrow
function shines cuz the arrow function
doesn't have of this keyword in it.
It can't be bound to a this keyword.
So if you reference that this
keyword inside of an arrow function,
it will automatically lexically
go up one level two of scope and
use that this keyword in
the surrounding scope.
Doesn't have its own this keyword.
So if all we did was just change this into
an arrow function
>> Kyle Simpson: With or
with those curly braces,
I'm gonna put them there just for clarity.
But if we took that out,
>> Kyle Simpson: Sorry
my indentation is all messed up here.
All we did was make it an arrow function.
Now all of a sudden the this
keyword starts working correctly or
working the way we would
assume it to work.
The arrow function doesn't
have its own list, so
we automatically get a lexical list.
That's where arrow function shines.
If you're using this space coding and
your running under those of var self
equals this or dot binds, you have my full
faith and support to go start using
arrow function in those places.
You're gonna to have to be careful
when you're mixing arrow functions and
non-functions okay?
And the exercise I'm about to have you go
through is gonna teach you that lesson.
You're gonna have to be real careful about
exactly what scope is the arrow
function going to adopt from.
But arrow functions by themselves really
do shine in this particular case.
They solve this particular problem.
Actually we don't even
need the curly brace here.
The curly braces in this particular case
are optional because the console log
method call is also an expression.
So there we wouldn't even need it,
we would have to take out the semi colon,
okay.
With or without the curly braces,
it's going to adopt to this
keyword from the outer scope.
So that's why you ought to be using arrow
functions, but I don't necessarily think
that they shine in terms of general
replacement for all function usages.